apps/docs/components/components/iconbase.md, before:

---
layout: ComponentLayout
hideBreadcrumbs: true
---
# Icon(Name)

Icons are generated by `createIcons` script, they are based on `IconBase` component

# IconBase

BaseIcon has only one purpose, to grab content via prop and mangle it, output is icon with properly set up `viewBox` `aria-label` etc attributes


## Props

| Prop name             | Type                                   | Default value | Possible values |
|-----------------------|----------------------------------------|---------------|-----------------|
| content               | String (vue), ReactElement / ReactElement [] (react)|  |                 |
| size                  | `VsfIconSize`                          | `base`        | `xs`, `sm`, `base`, `lg`, `xl`, `2xl`, `3xl` |


## Source code

<!-- vue -->
<<<../../../packages/sfui/frameworks/vue/components/VsfIconBase/VsfIconBase.vue
<!-- end vue -->

<!-- react -->
<<< ../../../packages/sfui/frameworks/react/components/VsfIconBase/VsfIconBase.tsx
<!-- end react -->

Commit message:

docs: change figma links so they point to early alpha docs (#404)
* docs: update figma links

* docs: update figma links

apps/docs/components/components/iconbase.md, after:

---
layout: ComponentLayout
hideBreadcrumbs: true
---
# Icon(Name)

Icons are generated by `createIcons` script, they are based on `IconBase` component

# IconBase

BaseIcon has only one purpose, to grab content via prop and mangle it, output is icon with properly set up `viewBox` `aria-label` etc attributes

## Figma design

See the design on [Figma](https://www.figma.com/file/Cx2jw34waZltkapwq7j7aT/SFUI-2-%7C-Design-Kit-(early-alpha)?node-id=11332%3A16144&t=EJQpZUE03rflQQv1-1)


## Props

| Prop name             | Type                                   | Default value | Possible values |
|-----------------------|----------------------------------------|---------------|-----------------|
| content               | String (vue), ReactElement / ReactElement [] (react)|  |                 |
| size                  | `VsfIconSize`                          | `base`        | `xs`, `sm`, `base`, `lg`, `xl`, `2xl`, `3xl` |


## Source code

<!-- vue -->
<<<../../../packages/sfui/frameworks/vue/components/VsfIconBase/VsfIconBase.vue
<!-- end vue -->

<!-- react -->
<<< ../../../packages/sfui/frameworks/react/components/VsfIconBase/VsfIconBase.tsx
<!-- end react -->
